Chief Master Ouyang
No letter has been sent before for so long
Your precious apprentice
Could it be that he was already defeated in the Five Elements Array?
What nonsense are you old man talking about?
Why should Sect Master Ouyang be angry?
Sect Master He is also telling the truth
The true law is inherently arrogant
Failure is normal at this level
It's that night Wuji knows what a gust of wind is
It's normal to lose
Your Skywolf Sect put on such a big show this time
Shortly after closing
If you let the reporters outside know
I really don't know what to report tomorrow
Sect Master Ye Wuji has broken the first level
The Five Elements Array has gone to the second level
What Five Elements Array was actually broken by Ye Wuji?
How is that possible?
How old is he?
To know the Fa
Hahahaha
I knew Wuji would work
Oops little dick
Your five-star formation is blowing hype
It didn't turn out so good
Proud of what?
There are 6 more levels to come.
God let you be proud for a while
Sect Master Ye Wuhe breaks 4 levels in a row
The inner court disciples along the dynasty were defeated one after another
He has gone to the last level what?